Support conversion for glam 0.29 (#1434)
dimforge/nalgebra: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Add the `glam-0.29` feature to enable conversion from/to types from `glam` v0.29.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `convert-glam029` feature to enable conversion from/to types from `glam` v0.29.
```
